while the king sent them to gather all
while the king sent them to gather all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem to him
the elders of Judah and Jerusalem to him
the elders of Judah and Jerusalem to him the king went up to the house of the
the king went up to the house of the
the king went up to the house of the Lord with all the men of Judah and with
Lord with all the men of Judah and with
Lord with all the men of Judah and with him all the inhabitants of Jerusalem the
him all the inhabitants of Jerusalem the
him all the inhabitants of Jerusalem the priests and the prophets and all the
priests and the prophets and all the
priests and the prophets and all the people both small and great and he read
people both small and great and he read
people both small and great and he read in their hearing all the words of the
in their hearing all the words of the
in their hearing all the words of the book of the Covenant which had been
book of the Covenant which had been
book of the Covenant which had been found in the house of the Lord then the
found in the house of the Lord then the
found in the house of the Lord then the King stood by a pillar and made a
King stood by a pillar and made a
King stood by a pillar and made a covenant before the Lord to follow the
covenant before the Lord to follow the
covenant before the Lord to follow the Lord and to keep his Commandments and
Lord and to keep his Commandments and
Lord and to keep his Commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with
his testimonies and his statutes with
his testimonies and his statutes with all his heart and all his soul to
all his heart and all his soul to
all his heart and all his soul to perform the words of this covenant that
perform the words of this covenant that
perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book and all the
were written in this book and all the
were written in this book and all the people took a stand for the covenant and
people took a stand for the covenant and
people took a stand for the covenant and the king commanded he'll hire the high
the king commanded he'll hire the high
the king commanded he'll hire the high priests the priests of the second order
priests the priests of the second order
priests the priests of the second order and the doorkeepers to bring out of the
and the doorkeepers to bring out of the
and the doorkeepers to bring out of the temple of the Lord all the Articles that
temple of the Lord all the Articles that
temple of the Lord all the Articles that were made for bail for Ashera and for
were made for bail for Ashera and for
were made for bail for Ashera and for all the hosts of heaven and he burned
all the hosts of heaven and he burned
all the hosts of heaven and he burned them outside Jerusalem in the fields of
them outside Jerusalem in the fields of
them outside Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron and carried their ashes to Bethel
Kidron and carried their ashes to Bethel
Kidron and carried their ashes to Bethel then he removed the idolatrous priests
then he removed the idolatrous priests
then he removed the idolatrous priests whom the kings of Judah had ordained to
whom the kings of Judah had ordained to
whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense on the high places in the
burn incense on the high places in the
burn incense on the high places in the cities of Judah and in the places all
cities of Judah and in the places all
cities of Judah and in the places all around Jerusalem and those who burnt
around Jerusalem and those who burnt
around Jerusalem and those who burnt incense to bail to the Sun to the moon
incense to bail to the Sun to the moon
incense to bail to the Sun to the moon to the constellations and to all the
to the constellations and to all the
to the constellations and to all the hosts of heaven and he brought out the
hosts of heaven and he brought out the
hosts of heaven and he brought out the wooden image from the house of the Lord
wooden image from the house of the Lord
wooden image from the house of the Lord to the brook kidron outside Jerusalem
to the brook kidron outside Jerusalem
to the brook kidron outside Jerusalem burned it at the brook kidron and
burned it at the brook kidron and
burned it at the brook kidron and grounded to ashes and threw its ashes on
grounded to ashes and threw its ashes on
grounded to ashes and threw its ashes on the graves of the common people then he
the graves of the common people then he
the graves of the common people then he tore down the ritual booths of the
tore down the ritual booths of the
tore down the ritual booths of the perverted persons that were in the house
perverted persons that were in the house
perverted persons that were in the house of the Lord where the women wove
of the Lord where the women wove
of the Lord where the women wove hangings for the wooden image and he
hangings for the wooden image and he
hangings for the wooden image and he brought all the priests from the cities
brought all the priests from the cities
brought all the priests from the cities of Judah and defiled the high places
of Judah and defiled the high places
of Judah and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense
where the priests had burned incense
where the priests had burned incense from giba to Beersheba also he broke
from giba to Beersheba also he broke
from giba to Beersheba also he broke down the high places at the gates which
down the high places at the gates which
down the high places at the gates which were at the entrance of the gate of
were at the entrance of the gate of
were at the entrance of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city which
Joshua the governor of the city which
Joshua the governor of the city which were to the left of the city gate
were to the left of the city gate
were to the left of the city gate nevertheless the priests of the high
nevertheless the priests of the high
nevertheless the priests of the high places did not come up to the altar of
places did not come up to the altar of
places did not come up to the altar of the Lord in Jerusalem but they ate
the Lord in Jerusalem but they ate
the Lord in Jerusalem but they ate unleavened bread among their brethren
unleavened bread among their brethren
unleavened bread among their brethren and he defiled toefl which is in the
and he defiled toefl which is in the
and he defiled toefl which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom that no man
valley of the son of Hinnom that no man
valley of the son of Hinnom that no man might make his son or his daughter pass
might make his son or his daughter pass
might make his son or his daughter pass through the fire to Molech then he
through the fire to Molech then he
through the fire to Molech then he removed the horses that the kings of
removed the horses that the kings of
removed the horses that the kings of Judah had dedicated to the Sun at the
Judah had dedicated to the Sun at the
Judah had dedicated to the Sun at the entrance to the house of the Lord by the
entrance to the house of the Lord by the
entrance to the house of the Lord by the chamber of Nathan meaning the officer
chamber of Nathan meaning the officer
chamber of Nathan meaning the officer who was in the court and he burned the
who was in the court and he burned the
who was in the court and he burned the chariots of the son with fire the altars
chariots of the son with fire the altars
chariots of the son with fire the altars that were on the roof the upper chamber
that were on the roof the upper chamber
that were on the roof the upper chamber of a house which the kings of Judah had
of a house which the kings of Judah had
of a house which the kings of Judah had made
made
made and the altars which Manasseh had made
and the altars which Manasseh had made
and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the
in the two courts of the house of the
in the two courts of the house of the Lord the King broke down and pulverized
Lord the King broke down and pulverized
Lord the King broke down and pulverized there and threw their dust into the
there and threw their dust into the
there and threw their dust into the brook kidron then the King defiled the
brook kidron then the King defiled the
brook kidron then the King defiled the high places that were east of Jerusalem
high places that were east of Jerusalem
high places that were east of Jerusalem which were on the south of the Mount of
which were on the south of the Mount of
which were on the south of the Mount of corruption which Solomon king of Israel
corruption which Solomon king of Israel
corruption which Solomon king of Israel had built for ashteroth the abomination
had built for ashteroth the abomination
had built for ashteroth the abomination of the sidonians
of the sidonians
of the sidonians pequi much the abomination of the
pequi much the abomination of the
pequi much the abomination of the Moabites and for Milkin the abomination
Moabites and for Milkin the abomination
Moabites and for Milkin the abomination of the people of ammon he broke in
of the people of ammon he broke in
of the people of ammon he broke in pieces the sacred pillars and cut down
pieces the sacred pillars and cut down
pieces the sacred pillars and cut down the wooden images and filled their
the wooden images and filled their
the wooden images and filled their places with the bones of men
places with the bones of men
places with the bones of men moreover the altar that was at Bethel
moreover the altar that was at Bethel
moreover the altar that was at Bethel and the high place which Jeroboam the
and the high place which Jeroboam the
and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat
son of Nebat
son of Nebat who made Israel sin had made both that
who made Israel sin had made both that
who made Israel sin had made both that altar and the high place he broke down
altar and the high place he broke down
altar and the high place he broke down and he burned the high place and crushed
and he burned the high place and crushed
and he burned the high place and crushed it to powder and burn the wooden image
it to powder and burn the wooden image
it to powder and burn the wooden image as Josiah turned he saw the tombs that
as Josiah turned he saw the tombs that
as Josiah turned he saw the tombs that were there on the mountain and he sent
were there on the mountain and he sent
were there on the mountain and he sent and took the bones out of the tombs and
and took the bones out of the tombs and
and took the bones out of the tombs and burned them on the altar and defiled it
burned them on the altar and defiled it
burned them on the altar and defiled it according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which the man of God proclaimed who proclaimed
the man of God proclaimed who proclaimed
the man of God proclaimed who proclaimed these words then he said what grave
these words then he said what grave
these words then he said what grave stone is this that I see so the men of
stone is this that I see so the men of
stone is this that I see so the men of the city told him it is the tomb of the
the city told him it is the tomb of the
the city told him it is the tomb of the man of God who came from Judah and
man of God who came from Judah and
man of God who came from Judah and proclaimed these things which you have
proclaimed these things which you have
proclaimed these things which you have done against the altar of Bethel let him
done against the altar of Bethel let him
done against the altar of Bethel let him alone let no one move his bones so they
alone let no one move his bones so they
alone let no one move his bones so they let his bones alone with the bones of
let his bones alone with the bones of
let his bones alone with the bones of the prophet who came from Samaria
the prophet who came from Samaria
the prophet who came from Samaria now Josiah also took away all the
now Josiah also took away all the
now Josiah also took away all the shrines of the high places that were in
shrines of the high places that were in
shrines of the high places that were in the cities of Samaria which the kings of
the cities of Samaria which the kings of
the cities of Samaria which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the law to
Israel had made to provoke the law to
Israel had made to provoke the law to anger and he did to them according to
anger and he did to them according to
anger and he did to them according to all the deeds he had done in Bethel he
all the deeds he had done in Bethel he
all the deeds he had done in Bethel he executed all the priests of the high
executed all the priests of the high
executed all the priests of the high places who were there on
places who were there on
places who were there on the altars and burned men's bones on
the altars and burned men's bones on
the altars and burned men's bones on them and he returned to Jerusalem then
them and he returned to Jerusalem then
them and he returned to Jerusalem then the king commanded all the people keep
the king commanded all the people keep
the king commanded all the people keep the Passover to the Lord your God as it
the Passover to the Lord your God as it
the Passover to the Lord your God as it is written in this book of the Covenant
such a Passover surely had never been
such a Passover surely had never been held since the days of the judges who
held since the days of the judges who
held since the days of the judges who judged Israel or in all the days of the
judged Israel or in all the days of the
judged Israel or in all the days of the kings of Israel and the kings of Judah
kings of Israel and the kings of Judah
kings of Israel and the kings of Judah but in the 18th year of King Josiah this
but in the 18th year of King Josiah this
but in the 18th year of King Josiah this Passover was held before the Lord in
Passover was held before the Lord in
Passover was held before the Lord in Jerusalem
Jerusalem
Jerusalem moreover Josiah put away those who
moreover Josiah put away those who
moreover Josiah put away those who consulted mediums and spiritists the
consulted mediums and spiritists the
consulted mediums and spiritists the household gods and idols all the
household gods and idols all the
household gods and idols all the abominations that were seen in the land
abominations that were seen in the land
abominations that were seen in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem that he might
of Judah and in Jerusalem that he might
of Judah and in Jerusalem that he might perform the words of the law which were
perform the words of the law which were
perform the words of the law which were written in the book that he'll Kyah the
written in the book that he'll Kyah the
written in the book that he'll Kyah the priests found in the house of the Lord
priests found in the house of the Lord
priests found in the house of the Lord now before him there was no king like
now before him there was no king like
now before him there was no king like him who turned to the Lord with all his
him who turned to the Lord with all his
him who turned to the Lord with all his heart with all his soul and with all his
heart with all his soul and with all his
heart with all his soul and with all his might according to all the law of Moses
might according to all the law of Moses
might according to all the law of Moses nor after him
nor after him
nor after him did any arise like you nevertheless the
did any arise like you nevertheless the
did any arise like you nevertheless the Lord did not turn from the fierceness of
Lord did not turn from the fierceness of
Lord did not turn from the fierceness of his great Roth with which his anger was
his great Roth with which his anger was
his great Roth with which his anger was aroused against Judah because of all the
aroused against Judah because of all the
aroused against Judah because of all the provocations with which Manasseh had
provocations with which Manasseh had
provocations with which Manasseh had provoked him and the Lord said
provoked him and the Lord said
provoked him and the Lord said I will also remove Judah from my sight
I will also remove Judah from my sight
I will also remove Judah from my sight as I have removed Israel and will cast
as I have removed Israel and will cast
as I have removed Israel and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have
off this city Jerusalem which I have
off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen and the house of which I said my
chosen and the house of which I said my
chosen and the house of which I said my name shall be there now the rest of the
name shall be there now the rest of the
name shall be there now the rest of the acts of Josiah and all that he did are
acts of Josiah and all that he did are
acts of Josiah and all that he did are they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah in his
chronicles of the kings of Judah in his
chronicles of the kings of Judah in his days Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt went to
days Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt went to
days Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt went to the aid of the king of Assyria to the
the aid of the king of Assyria to the
the aid of the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates and King Josiah went
river Euphrates and King Josiah went
river Euphrates and King Josiah went against him and Pharaoh nikko killed him
against him and Pharaoh nikko killed him
against him and Pharaoh nikko killed him at Megiddo when he confronted him then
at Megiddo when he confronted him then
at Megiddo when he confronted him then his servants moved his body in a chariot
his servants moved his body in a chariot
his servants moved his body in a chariot from Megiddo brought him to Jerusalem
from Megiddo brought him to Jerusalem
from Megiddo brought him to Jerusalem and buried him in his own team
and the people of the land took jehovah
and the people of the land took jehovah has the son of Josiah anointed him and
has the son of Josiah anointed him and
has the son of Josiah anointed him and made him King in his father's place
made him King in his father's place
made him King in his father's place jehovah has was 23 years old when he
jehovah has was 23 years old when he
jehovah has was 23 years old when he became King and he reigned three months
became King and he reigned three months
became King and he reigned three months in Jerusalem his mother's name was a
in Jerusalem his mother's name was a
in Jerusalem his mother's name was a mute oh the daughter of Jeremiah of
mute oh the daughter of Jeremiah of
mute oh the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon and he did evil in the sight of
Lebanon and he did evil in the sight of
Lebanon and he did evil in the sight of the Lord according to all that his
the Lord according to all that his
the Lord according to all that his fathers had done now Pharaoh nikko put
fathers had done now Pharaoh nikko put
fathers had done now Pharaoh nikko put him in prison at rib ler in the land of
him in prison at rib ler in the land of
him in prison at rib ler in the land of Hema 'the that he might not reign in
Hema 'the that he might not reign in
Hema 'the that he might not reign in Jerusalem and he imposed on the land a
Jerusalem and he imposed on the land a
Jerusalem and he imposed on the land a tribute of one hundred talents of silver
tribute of one hundred talents of silver
tribute of one hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold then Pharaoh Nico
and a talent of gold then Pharaoh Nico
and a talent of gold then Pharaoh Nico made aliyah Kim the son of Josiah King
made aliyah Kim the son of Josiah King
made aliyah Kim the son of Josiah King in place of his father Josiah and
in place of his father Josiah and
in place of his father Josiah and changed his name to Jehoiakim and
changed his name to Jehoiakim and
changed his name to Jehoiakim and Pharaoh took jehoahaz and went to Egypt
Pharaoh took jehoahaz and went to Egypt
Pharaoh took jehoahaz and went to Egypt and he died there so Jehoiakim gave the
and he died there so Jehoiakim gave the
and he died there so Jehoiakim gave the silver and gold to Pharaoh but he taxed
silver and gold to Pharaoh but he taxed
silver and gold to Pharaoh but he taxed the land to give money according to the
the land to give money according to the
the land to give money according to the command of Pharaoh he exacted the silver
command of Pharaoh he exacted the silver
command of Pharaoh he exacted the silver and gold from the people of a land from
and gold from the people of a land from
and gold from the people of a land from everyone according to his assessment to
everyone according to his assessment to
everyone according to his assessment to give it to pharaoh nico Jehoiakim was 25
give it to pharaoh nico Jehoiakim was 25
give it to pharaoh nico Jehoiakim was 25 years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
mother's name was
mother's name was Zeb Yuda the daughter of the Daiya of
Zeb Yuda the daughter of the Daiya of
Zeb Yuda the daughter of the Daiya of rumor and he did evil in the sight of
rumor and he did evil in the sight of
rumor and he did evil in the sight of the Lord according to all that his
the Lord according to all that his
the Lord according to all that his father's had done
father's had done
father's had done you